README.md, before:

# GOV.UK Design System

**One place for service teams to find styles, components and patterns for
designing government services.**

## Run locally

You'll need [Git](https://help.github.com/articles/set-up-git/) and [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) installed to get this project running.

Note: You will need the [active LTS (Long-term support)](https://github.com/nodejs/Release#release-schedule) Node.js version for this project (as specified in [.nvmrc](./.nvmrc))

### Fork repository (optional)
If you're an external contributor make sure to [fork this project first](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/)

### Clone repository
```
git clone git@github.com:alphagov/govuk-design-system.git # or clone your own fork

cd govuk-design-system
```

### Using nvm (optional)
If you work across multiple Node.js projects there's a good chance they require different Node.js and npm versions.

To enable this we use [nvm (Node Version Manager)](https://github.com/creationix/nvm) to switch between versions easily.

1. [install nvm](https://github.com/creationix/nvm#installation)
2. Run `nvm install` in the project directory (this will use [.nvmrc](./.nvmrc))

### Install npm dependencies
```
npm install
```

### Start a local server
This will build sources, serve pages and watch for changes.
```
npm start
```

## Build
Build `./src` to `./deploy/public`
```
npm run build
```

## Run the Sass linter

We are using the [sass-lint][sass-lint] plugin to lint the Sass files in
`source/stylesheets`. You can run the linter from command line by running:

```
npm run lint
```

[sass-lint]: https://github.com/juanfran/gulp-scss-lint

## GOV.UK Frontend packages

Design System consumes the [GOV.UK Frontend](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend) package via [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/).
This is defined in the [package.json](package.json) file.

--------------------

## Continuous integration

When changes are pushed to GitHub [Travis][travis] will:

- run the tests
- lint the Sass stylesheets in `source/stylesheets`
- run the `npm run build` command to ensure that the site can be generated

If any of these fail, this will be reported in the GitHub status checks
interface.

[travis]: https://travis-ci.org/alphagov/govuk-design-system

# Deployment

- [How the Design System is deployed to production](docs/deployment/production.md)
- [How branch and PR previews are deployed](docs/deployment/previews.md)

Commit message:

Add NVM install troubleshooting to README

README.md, after:

# GOV.UK Design System

**One place for service teams to find styles, components and patterns for
designing government services.**

## Run locally

You'll need [Git](https://help.github.com/articles/set-up-git/) and [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) installed to get this project running.

Note: You will need the [active LTS (Long-term support)](https://github.com/nodejs/Release#release-schedule) Node.js version for this project (as specified in [.nvmrc](./.nvmrc))

### Fork repository (optional)
If you're an external contributor make sure to [fork this project first](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/)

### Clone repository
```
git clone git@github.com:alphagov/govuk-design-system.git # or clone your own fork

cd govuk-design-system
```

### Using nvm (optional)
If you work across multiple Node.js projects there's a good chance they require different Node.js and npm versions.

To enable this we use [nvm (Node Version Manager)](https://github.com/creationix/nvm) to switch between versions easily.

1. [install nvm](https://github.com/creationix/nvm#installation)
2. Run `nvm install` in the project directory (this will use [.nvmrc](./.nvmrc))

If you get nvm: command not found when you run `nvm install`, try: <https://github.com/creationix/nvm/issues/576#issuecomment-89841367>

### Install npm dependencies
```
npm install
```

### Start a local server
This will build sources, serve pages and watch for changes.
```
npm start
```

## Build
Build `./src` to `./deploy/public`
```
npm run build
```

## Run the Sass linter

We are using the [sass-lint][sass-lint] plugin to lint the Sass files in
`source/stylesheets`. You can run the linter from command line by running:

```
npm run lint
```

[sass-lint]: https://github.com/juanfran/gulp-scss-lint

## GOV.UK Frontend packages

Design System consumes the [GOV.UK Frontend](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend) package via [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/).
This is defined in the [package.json](package.json) file.

--------------------

## Continuous integration

When changes are pushed to GitHub [Travis][travis] will:

- run the tests
- lint the Sass stylesheets in `source/stylesheets`
- run the `npm run build` command to ensure that the site can be generated

If any of these fail, this will be reported in the GitHub status checks
interface.

[travis]: https://travis-ci.org/alphagov/govuk-design-system

# Deployment

- [How the Design System is deployed to production](docs/deployment/production.md)
- [How branch and PR previews are deployed](docs/deployment/previews.md)
